hey guys so if you didn't know this
already the galaxy s4 is coming off in
another edition the google edition and
this was something that Google and like
something didn't beyond on the google
i/o if you was a few weeks ago it's a
few days ago so the google edition of
the galaxy s4 is at least going to be
launched in the US on different carriers
like AT&T bryson and like t-mobile and
the cool thing with this galaxy's for is
that it leaves exactly like the
international galaxy s4 but it is coming
with stock Android so the stock version
of Android it doesn't have Samsung's
samsung stuff on there is somethings
touch with so it will be a clean version
of Android the latest version of Android
and it will be just like a Nexus device
from what I've understood and it's going
to be the black mist a edition and
they're calling it the developer edition
and I think it's pretty awesome i'm not
sure if i will pick it pick it up but
hopefully this won't just be launched in
the US but from my understanding it's
going to be sold also like directly from
google me maybe in the Play Store and
but also on different carriers in the US
as I said and it seems like it the AT&T
and t-mobile editions it's gonna come
with a lot booty odors you will have a
little bit more freedom I'm sure about
the bryson model though but I think this
is pretty sweet and I also heard some
rumors that HTC is also working on a
Google vision for the HTC one that will
also then come with you stop where some
Android and that would be pretty sweet
but yeah we'll see when this gonna come
out the kind of depression price and
everything but I think it's pretty cool
even though it is he I McGee okay I'm
nerd I like it even though I it's a
galaxy's for with stock andhra i like
that i like to stop clean edition and i
think it's fun so that's nice have a
good day